Error `GHC-64725` - User-defined type errors (`GHC.TypeLits.TypeError`) (#166)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-64725/display/index.md

---
title: Cannot Display functions
---

## Error Message

```
Main2.hs:12:23: error: [GHC-64725]

>     • Cannot Display functions.
>       Perhaps there is a missing arguments?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    • Cannot display functions.
      Perhaps there are missing arguments?
```

    • In the expression: display myFunction
      In an equation for ‘myDisplayedFunction’:
          myDisplayedFunction = display myFunction
   |
12 | myDisplayedFunction = display myFunction
   |                       ^^^^^^^
```

## Explanation

Here, the module `SomeDisplayLibrary` stands in for a pretty-printing library,
used to produce human readable text from Haskell values. The library provides a

> type class `Display` with instances for different types, and the function
> `display :: Display a => a -> String` to perform the conversion. In this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type class `Display` with instances for different types with a function
`display :: Display a => a -> String` to perform the conversion. In this case
```

the result is of type `String` but some libraries use their own data type to
structure the output.

A problem common to these libraries is that of function typed values, since

> there's no general way to represent them as strings. Perhaps for _some_
> functions one could simply write the mapping from inputs to outputs, if the input space is enumerable and small enough, but it becomes impractical for larger types, and unfeasible for non-enumerable types, so usually these libraries don't provide an instance for functions. In this case, the library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there's no general way to represent them as strings. Perhaps for _some_
functions one could simply write the mapping from inputs to outputs - if the input space is enumerable and small enough - but it becomes impractical for larger types, and unfeasible for non-enumerable types. Usually these libraries don't provide an instance for functions. In this case, the library
```

Less winding sentence

Author: heh yeah I've been known to write those. Thanks!

authors did provide an instance, but one that gives a compile time error with more information than just "`No instance for (Display (Bool -> Int))`."

Depending on context, the solution could be to follow the error message and
display the result of applying the function to enough arguments, see
`myDisplayedAppliedFunction`.

> If the intention was to actually display the function, and considering the input space is small enough (just the two `Bool` constructors), one could define a newtype for functions of type `Bool -> a`, and provide a `Display` instance for those, then call `display` with the function wrapped in this newtype, see `myDisplayedNewtypedFunction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the intention was to actually display the function when the input space is small enough (e.g. just the two `Bool` constructors), one could define a newtype for functions of type `Bool -> a` and provide a `Display` instance for it. Then, the user can call `display` with the function wrapped in this newtype, see `myDisplayedNewtypedFunction`.
```
